## JSC370 Final Project - Analyzing Great Lakes Polution

This project focuses on investigating the water quality of the Great Lakes region in North America, with a specific focus on phosphorus levels in the water. This project mainly uses two datasets: 1) The water quality dataset from The Canadian Open Data Portal, and 2) The city dataset, obtained through web scraping from Latlong. They explored and visualized the data using time series plots, boxplots, and interactive maps. The results of their analysis showed that Lake Erie and Lake Ontario have the highest phosphorus levels and are facing more severe pollution issues than the other Great Lakes. They also identified specific cities with the worst water quality, such as Hamilton, ON, Canada; Niagara Falls, NY, USA; Toledo, OH, USA; Sandusky, OH, USA; and Cleveland, OH, USA. Furthermore, they have investigated whether there is evidence of improvement in water quality at the identified locations from 2000 to the present. they have found no evidence of improvement and, in fact, have identified a worsening trend in water quality over time, especially for the west-coast cities. Overall, this research paper provides valuable insights into the water quality issues in the Great Lakes region and can inform future efforts to improve water quality in the area.

The website of the project can be viewed here:
[https://yuanxyyds.github.io/JSC370-Final-Project/](https://yuanxyyds.github.io/Analyzing-Great-Lakes-Polution/)https://yuanxyyds.github.io/Analyzing-Great-Lakes-Polution/
